Add cloudant database resource and data source (#6)
cloudant/terraform-provider-ibm: examples/ibm-cloudant/standard-plan-with-database/README.md

> # IBM Cloudant example for Standard plan with default database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# IBM Cloudant example for Standard plan with a new database
```

> This example shows how to create a Standard plan Cloudant instance with default database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to create a Standard plan Cloudant instance with a new database.
```
